Add documentation for k-NN clear cache api (#7030)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/knn/api.md

`total` indicates how many shards the k-NN plugin attempted to warm up. The response also includes the number of shards the plugin succeeded and failed to warm up.

The call does not return results until the warmup operation finishes or the request times out. If the request times out, the operation still continues on the cluster. To monitor the warmup operation, use the OpenSearch `_tasks` API:

```json
GET /_tasks
```

After the operation has finished, use the [k-NN `_stats` API operation](#stats) to see what the k-NN plugin loaded into the graph.

### Best practices

For the warmup operation to function properly, follow these best practices:

> * Do not run merge operations on indexes that you want to warm up. During merge, the k-NN plugin creates new segments, and old segments are sometimes deleted. For example, you could encounter a situation in which the warmup API operation loads native library indexes A and B into native memory, but segment C is created from segments A and B being merged. The native library indexes for A and B would no longer be in memory, and native library index C would also not be in memory. In this case, the initial penalty for loading native library index C is still present.

Reviewer: Revised to read: Do not run merge operations on indexes that you want to warm up. **During a merge operation**, the k-NN plugin creates new segments, and old segments are sometimes deleted. For example, you could encounter a situation in which the warmup API operation loads native library indexes A and B into native memory but segment C is created from segments A and B being merged. Native library indexes A and B would no longer be in memory, and native library index C would also not be in memory. In this case, the initial penalty for loading native library index C **still exists**.

* Confirm that all native library indexes you want to warm up can fit into native memory. For more information about the native memory limit, see the [knn.memory.circuit_breaker.limit statistic]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/knn/settings#cluster-settings). High graph memory usage causes cache thrashing, which can lead to operations constantly failing and attempting to run again.

* Do not index any documents that you want to load into the cache. Writing new information to segments prevents the warmup API operation from loading the native library indexes until they are searchable. This means that you would have to run the warmup operation again after indexing finishes.

## k-NN clear cache
Introduced 2.14
{: .label .label-purple }

> During approximate k-NN search or warmup operation, the native library indexes (`nmslib` and `faiss` engines) are loaded into native memory. Currently, you can evict an index from cache or native memory by either deleting the index or setting the k-NN cluster settings `knn.cache.item.expiry.enabled` and `knn.cache.item.expiry.minutes`, which removes the index out of the cache if they are idle for a given period of time. However, you cannot evict an index from cache without deleting the index. To solve this problem, you can use the k-NN clear cache API operation that clears a given set of indexes from the cache.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During approximate k-NN search or warmup operations, the native library indexes (`nmslib` and `faiss` engines) are loaded into native memory. Currently, you can evict an index from cache or native memory by either deleting the index or setting the k-NN cluster settings `knn.cache.item.expiry.enabled` and `knn.cache.item.expiry.minutes`, which removes the index from the cache if it is idle for a given period of time. However, you cannot evict an index from the cache without deleting the index. To solve this problem, you can use the k-NN clear cache API operation, which clears a given set of indexes from the cache.
```

> The k-NN clear cache API evicts all native library files for all shards (primaries and replicas) of all indexes specified in the request. Similar to how the [warmup operation](#warmup-operation) behaves, the k-NN clear cache API is idempotent, meaning that if you try to clear the cache for an index that has already been evicted from the cache, it does not have any additional impact or effect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The k-NN clear cache API evicts all native library files for all shards (primaries and replicas) of all indexes specified in the request. Similarly to how the [warmup operation](#warmup-operation) behaves, the k-NN clear cache API is idempotent, meaning that if you try to clear the cache for an index that has already been evicted from the cache, it does not have any additional effect.
```

> This API operation works only with indexes created using the `nmslib` and `faiss` engines. The API operation has no impact on the indexes created using `lucene` engine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This API operation only works with indexes created using the `nmslib` and `faiss` engines. It has no effect on indexes created using the `lucene` engine.
```

{: .note}

#### Usage

The following request evicts the native library indexes of three indexes from the cache:

```json
GET /_plugins/_knn/clear_cache/index1,index2,index3?pretty
{
  "_shards" : {
    "total" : 6,
    "successful" : 6,
    "failed" : 0
  }
}
```

> The `total` parameter indicates number of shards the API attempted to clear from the cache. The response includes the number of shards the plugin succeeded and failed to clear.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `total` parameter indicates the number of shards that the API attempted to clear from the cache. The response includes both the number of cleared shards and the number of shards that the plugin failed to clear.
```

> k-NN clear cache API can be used with index patterns to clear one or more indexes that match the given pattern from the cache, as shown in the following example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The k-NN clear cache API can be used with index patterns to clear one or more indexes that match the given pattern from the cache, as shown in the following example:
```

```json
GET /_plugins/_knn/clear_cache/index*?pretty
{
  "_shards" : {
    "total" : 6,
    "successful" : 6,
    "failed" : 0
  }
}
```

> The API call does not return results until the operation finishes or the request times out. If the request times out, the operation continues on the cluster. To monitor the request, use the `_tasks` API, as shown in the following example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API call does not return results until the operation finishes or the request times out. If the request times out, then the operation continues on the cluster. To monitor the request, use the `_tasks` API, as shown in the following example:
```

```json
GET /_tasks
```

> When the operation finishes, use the [k-NN `_stats` API operation](#stats) to view which indexes have been evicted from the cache.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the operation finishes, use the [k-NN `_stats` API operation](#stats) to see which indexes have been evicted from the cache.
```

> ## Get model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get a model API
```

> The get model retrieves information about models present in the cluster. Some native library index configurations require a training step before indexing and querying can begin. The output of training is a model that can be used to initialize native library index files during indexing. The model is serialized in the k-NN model system index. See the following GET example:

Reviewer 2: The beginning of this sentence is missing words. "The `get model` operation" or "The GET model operation"? Also ensure that the heading matches, as appropriate.

Reviewer: @natebower After reviewing your comment, I agree this section needs some refinement. See my revisions.

Reviewer 2: @vagimeli LGTM 😄

> The get model retrieves information about models present in the cluster. Some native library index configurations require a training step before indexing and querying can begin. The output of training is a model that can be used to initialize native library index files during indexing. The model is serialized in the k-NN model system index. See the following GET example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [GET a model]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/api/model-apis/get-model/) API retrieves information about models present in the cluster. Some native library index configurations require a training step before indexing and querying can begin. The output of training is a model that can be used to initialize native library index files during indexing. The model is serialized in the k-NN model system index. See the following GET example:
```

```
GET /_plugins/_knn/models/{model_id}
```

Response field |  Description
:--- | :---
`model_id` | The unique identifier of the fetched model.
`model_blob` | The base64 encoded string of the serialized model.
`state` | The model's current state, which can be `created`, `failed`, or `training`.
`timestamp` | The date and time when the model was created.
`description` | A user-provided description of the model.

> `error` | The error message explaining why the model is in the failed state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`error` | An error message explaining why the model is in a failed state.
```

> `space_type` | The space type this model is trained for, for example, Euclidean and cosine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`space_type` | The space type for which this model is trained, for example, Euclidean or cosine.
```

> `dimension` | The dimensionality of the vector space this model is designed for.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`dimension` | The dimensionality of the vector space for which this model is designed.
```

> `engine` | The native library used to create model, either `faiss` or `nmslib`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`engine` | The native library used to create the model, either `faiss` or `nmslib`. 
```

### Usage

> The following examples show how to retrieve information about a specific model using the k-NN plugin API. The first example returns all the available information about the model, while the second example shows how to selectively retrieve only the fields you are interested in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following examples show how to retrieve information about a specific model using the k-NN plugin API. The first example returns all the available information about the model, while the second example shows how to selectively retrieve fields.
```

* Don't index any documents that you want to load into the cache. Writing new information to segments prevents the warmup API operation from loading the native library indexes until they're searchable. This means that you would have to run the warmup operation again after indexing finishes.

## k-NN Clear Cache
Introduced 2.14
{: .label .label-purple }

> During approximate k-Nearest Neighbor (k-NN) search or warmup operation, the native library indices(for `nmslib` and `faiss` engines) are loaded into native memory. Currently, the possible ways to evict an index from cache or native memory is by either deleting the index or by setting a 

Reviewer 3: Can we add a bold note that this has no effect for lucene engine? Just want to call out explicitly.

Author: updated

couple of k-NN cluster settings(`knn.cache.item.expiry.enabled` and `knn.cache.item.expiry.minutes`) which will remove the index out of the cache if they are idle for a given amount of time. But, there is no way to evict a given index out of cache without deleting the index. To solve this problem, 
we can use the k-NN clear cache api operation which helps to clear given set of indices out of the cache.

This clear cache api evicts all the native library files for all the shards(primaries and replicas) of all the indices specified in the request. Like [warmup operation](#warmup-operation) this k-NN clear cache api is idempotent where if an index has been already evicted from cache it has no impact.

### Usage
This request evicts the native library indices of these three indices from cache:
```json

> GET /_plugins/_knn/clear_cache/index1,index2,index3?pretty

Reviewer 3: Do we add query parameters anywhere?

Author: Sorry didn't get it. Are you referring to [REST parameters](https://opensearch.org/docs/2.3/opensearch/common-parameters/) ?

Reviewer 3: Yes, I would say we need to call out what index1,... are and also say that they are optional. If not passed, all memory will be cleared.

Author: no, it is not optional. Users needs to pass the indices as part of uri. To remove all the indices from cache we have another path `/_plugins/_knn/clear_cache/_all` but the problem with this is it fetches all the indices in the domain and validates if each index is of type knn. If any index is not of type knn then it will throw exception and reject the request. It might not work most of the cases so we are not including it in the doc and thought that we can recommend it if any Cx reaches out to us asking for such requirement.

* Don't index any documents that you want to load into the cache. Writing new information to segments prevents the warmup API operation from loading the native library indexes until they're searchable. This means that you would have to run the warmup operation again after indexing finishes.

> ## k-NN Clear Cache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## k-NN clear cache
```

}
```

> ## Search model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Search a model
```

> You can use an OpenSearch query to search for models in the index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use an OpenSearch query to [search for a model]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/api/model-apis/search-model/) in the index.
```

}
```

> ## Delete model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Delete a model
```

> You can delete a particular model in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can [delete a model]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/api/model-apis/delete-model/) in the cluster.
```

}
```

## Train model

> Create and train a model that can be used for initializing k-NN native library indexes during indexing. This API pulls training data from a `knn_vector` field in a training index, creates and trains a model, and then serializes it to the model system index. Training data must match the dimension passed in the request body. This request returns when training begins. To monitor the model's state, use the [Get model API](#get-model).  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can create and train a model that can be used for initializing k-NN native library indexes during indexing. This API pulls training data from a `knn_vector` field in a training index, creates and trains a model, and then serializes it to the model system index. Training data must match the dimension passed in the request body. This request is returned when training begins. To monitor the model's state, use the [Get model API](#get-model).  
```

Query parameter |  Description
:--- | :---

> `model_id` | (Optional) The unique identifier of the fetched model. If not specified, a random id is generated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`model_id` | (Optional) The unique identifier of the fetched model. If not specified, then a random ID is generated.
```

> `model_id` | (Optional) The unique identifier of the fetched model. If not specified, a random id is generated.

Reviewer 2: Global: Is this how we normally include/format "(Optional)"? I feel like I normally see it in a separate column or at the end.

Reviewer: Global changes made to include at end.

> `node_id` | (Optional) Specifies the preferred node to execute the training process. If provided, the specified node is used for training if it has the necessary capabilities and resources available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`node_id` | (Optional) Specifies the preferred node on which to execute the training process. If provided, the specified node is used for training if it has the necessary capabilities and resources available.
```

Request parameter |  Description
:--- | :---
`training_index` | The index from which the training data is obtained.

> `training_field` | The `knn_vector` field in the `training_index` from which the training data is retrieved. The dimension of this field must match `dimension` passed in this request.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`training_field` | The `knn_vector` field in the `training_index` from which the training data is retrieved. The dimension of this field must match the `dimension` passed in this request.  
```

> `training_field` | The `knn_vector` field in the `training_index` from which the training data is retrieved. The dimension of this field must match `dimension` passed in this request.  

Reviewer 2: Nit: We use "retrieved" here but "obtained" in the previous line.

Reviewer: Revised to use "retrieved"

`dimension` | The dimension of the model being trained.
`max_training_vector_count` | (Optional) The maximum number of vectors from the training index to be used for training. Defaults to all the vectors in the index.
`search_size` | (Optional) The training data is pulled from the training index using scroll queries. This parameter defines the number of results to return per scroll query. Default is `10000`.
`description` | (Optional) A user-provided description of the model.

> `method` | The configuration of the ANN method used for searching. For more information about the available methods, see [k-NN index method definitions]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/knn/knn-index#method-definitions). The method requires training to be valid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`method` | The configuration of the approximate k-NN method used for searching. For more information about the available methods, see [k-NN index method definitions]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/knn/knn-index#method-definitions). The method requires training to be valid.
```

> `method` | The configuration of the ANN method used for searching. For more information about the available methods, see [k-NN index method definitions]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/knn/knn-index#method-definitions). The method requires training to be valid.

Reviewer 2: End of first sentence: "for search operations" instead of "for searching"?
